[Music]
stand by for the most extraordinary
chain of events ever swept up into high
adventure
hey Larry where's the forklift
[Music]
airplane
airplane is drama dr. Brody at the Mayo
Clinic there's a passenger on your
Chicago flight 209'er a little girl
named Lisa Davis enroute to Minneapolis
she's scheduled for a heart transplant I
want you to make sure that she's kept in
a reclined position and that a
continuous watch is kept on her IV
airplane is action
airplane is romance and
[Music]
airplane is music there is only one
river
there is only one seed airplane is
dancing
[Music]
never has the school been so big you
ever been in the cockpit before Peter
grades never seen a grown man naked
Kareem abdul-jabbar my name is Roger
Murdock I'm an airline pilot Leslie
Nielsen this woman has to be gotten to a
hospital it's a big building with
patients that's not important right now
lloyd bridges Johnny Wekiva got an issue
this week
Robert Stack all right Steve let's face
a few facts and we hope you enjoy the
rest of your flight Julie Hagerty by the
way is there anyone on board who knows
how to fly obtain can you fly this plane
and land it Robert Haynes surely you
can't be serious
I am serious and don't call me Shirley
[Music]
[Applause]
the most incredible adventure the screen
has ever created the big news
[Music]
airplane